<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 
https://codepen.io/andywatts712/pen/ExPxaJa?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Conveys meaning to your content

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    The basic structure for web sites

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Goes inside the opening tag, provides additional information and functionality

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It's the largest of the headings and means very important, so limit its use. Should be the title if applicable.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchor and image tags

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Things that will not be displayed but need to be processed by the browser, like where the style sheet will be or where to get fonts.

    7. What is an id?
    An id can be added to an elelment so it can be used later in styling, or referred to for navigation

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Just about any I think

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once

    10. What is a class? 
    A way to reference many elements for styling. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    I think any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As often as you wish

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Use the target attribute: target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    Provides text while the picture is loading. Also used with screen readers.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is semantic, a div is presentational only

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling web pages, that is, defining how it looks. Fonts, colors, spacing, alignment, etc

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Just type the element name, like h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    If you have many things on a page that need to be styled the same, use a class. If it's a one-off, use an ID.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    With a period and then the name of the class, like .intro for a class called "intro"

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human A little unclear on this question

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    You can select an element that is within another element. Useful for instance if you wanted to single out all the <p> tags within a <div>. Without giving them a class or ID.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It references a special state of an element. For instance, hover.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted red;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    With a wildcard or *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    a line of comment can use <!-- comment --> 

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filename No warning, and it is permanent.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It keeps a copy of every change ever made, so you can revert if necessary.
    It allows many people to work on a project at once.
    It's a good way to enforce workflow and keep things organized.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    After any significant change is made.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Start at Lambdas gihub page that has the project you want to work on.
    Fork it to your own github account.
    Invite a collaborator.
    Copy the URL using the green Clone button.
    Use terminal to clone the project using git clone URL
    Navigate to the project folder using cd.
    Create a branch for yourself using git checkout -b "firstname-lastname"
    Work on the project.
    Add changed files to the staging area using git add filename.
    Commit files using git commit -m "Description of changes"
    Push to Github using git push -u origin branchname for the first push, then just git push afterwards.
    Go to github where your forked project is.
    Change the branch from master to the one you had on your machine, firstname-lastname.
    Click the New Pull Request button.
    On the next page, change Base Repository to your forked repo.
    Add your TL to the Reviewers, then click the Create Pull Request button.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block-level element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width available.
    An inline element does not start on a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    The element is removed from the normal document flow, and no space is created for the element in the page layout. Which means, uh, not sure exactly.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    Use auto? I'm not sure.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block by default: Div, h1, p.
    Inline by default: span, a.
    Inline-block: I'd have to guess img?

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    The box model describes all the different kinds of space around your content. Padding is the space directly around your content. Margin is the space after Padding
    and and the distance from other objects. In between padding and margin is a border.
     The "fix" is the box-sizing:borderbox in CSS. It keeps the declared width no matter how you set your padding or border. Margin will still
     need to be accounted for. And it could make your content smaller if there's not much room. 
